#labels installation,guide
This page introduces how to setup this program on your GAE server.

= Introduction =
This program requires you to setup OAuth token with your Flickr and Twitter account in order to make it work. You would also need to setup a Google App Engine account in order to host this application for running the scheduled task.


= Details =
== Setup Google App Engine ==
 * Create a GAE account
 * Create a GAE app
 * Download the latest version from the tab Downloads
 * Unzip the downloaded archive and modify the file war\WEB-INF\appengine-web.xml with the app ID you created. <application>{your app id}</application>
 * Optionally you can also modify war\WEB-INF\cron.xml with a desired time interval. More information could be found at http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/java/config/cron.html
 * Upload the application to your GAE account by following this guide: http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/java/gettingstarted/uploading.html


== Login to the Application ==
 * after the deployment of the application, now go to the page: http://youappid.appspot.com
 * You can either use the default user (user: admin, password: admin), or create another normal user. 
 * Login with your chosen user
 * Navigate to page _Authorize Source & Target_ and now you can authorize this application to access your Flickr/Twitter or whatever online servers you want to interact with.

== Authorize App to Access Your Flickr Account ==

== Authorize App to Access Your Twitter Account ==

== Authorize App to Access Your Sina Weibo Account ==
1, sign in first; <br/>
2, Click ' Authorize Source & Target ' at the top of the page;<br/>
3, Click 'Authorize Sina Account' at the bottom of the shown page;<br/>
4, You will be lead to another page currently with only one button there;<br/>
5, Click it, in the sina authorization page, authorized, then done!<br/>

<br/>
You can add more than one sina weibo accounts.